feat: Add JSON schema to DuckDB destination plugin (#16372)
cloudquery/cloudquery: plugins/destination/duckdb/docs/overview.md

- `batch_size` (`integer`) (optional) (default: `1000`)

>   Maximum amount of items may be grouped together to be written as a single write.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The maximum amount of items that may be grouped together to be written in a single write.
```

- `batch_size_bytes` (`integer`) (optional) (default: `4194304` (4 MiB))

>   Maximum size of items that may be grouped together to be written as a single write.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The maximum size of items that may be grouped together to be written in a single write.
```
